What is your favorite memory of your childhood best friend?
If money were no object, how would you spend one year traveling the world?
Cotton Eyed Joe, where did he come from? Where did he go?
What accomplishment are you most proud of in your life?
What’s something about “being an adult” that was surprising to learn?
What did you make or eat for dinner last night?
Do you like to sleep on a soft or a firm mattress and why?
What endangered animal would you most like to save?
Which teacher had the most impact, positive or negative, on your life?
What’s the most memorable (good or bad!) date you have been on?
Does a drinking straw have one hole or two?
What do you look forward to during your day?
What do you want to accomplish by the end of the year?
If you could create a holiday, what would you celebrate, and what would the traditions be?
Whom do you most admire?
Do you think you could successfully compete in a competitive eating challenge?
What one thing would you like to change about yourself?
An alien spaceship has crash-landed in your backyard! What do you do first?
Who is the best Disney villain?
How do you define your personal style?
If you could be any dinosaur, what dinosaur would you be and why?
What celebrity voice do you like to imitate and is it good?
What animal would you most like to be able to transform into and out of at will?
If all options were available to you, would you rather walk, drive, take public transportation, bike, or use another method of transportation to work?
Who would play you in a movie about your life?
What’s the best concert you’ve ever attended?
Where do you like to spend time alone? Not THAT kind of alone time...
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
Would you rather be 2 inches tall or 100 ft tall?
What was your favorite stuffed animal growing up?
What historical event would you like to have been present at or alive to experience?
What is your most listened-to artist of all time on Spotify (or Apple Music, whatever you use to rock out)?
Would you ever spontaneously break out into a dance in public?
You can only speak by quoting one movie. What movie do you choose?
Which superpower is the best and why?
What is something that is stressing you out right now?
One of your favorite artists made a statement you strongly disagree with. Do you think artists should be separated from their art?
What should be taught in schools that currently is not?
What is/was your favorite school subject of all time?
What is/was the most memorable trip you have ever taken?